README.md, before:

# ArmA 3 Mod Template

This repository provides a template for creating and organizing an ArmA 3 mod project.

## About

This template is designed to help you quickly start developing your own ArmA 3 mods by providing a well-organized project structure, example configuration files, and clear documentation.
It aims to simplify setup, encourage best practices, and save time for both new and experienced modders.

You are encouraged to customize any part of the template to fit your project's needs.

## Getting Started

1. Download this repository as a zip, please don't clone it I'd rarther not have loads of repos my commits in their history. (A gotcha with GitHub's template system, `logo.paa` is in git lfs and will fail to copy to your repo so you'll have to manually do copy it.)
2. Choose a license for your project (see `LICENSE.md`).
3. Update `.hemtt/presets/main.html` with your modlist.
4. Edit `.hemtt/project.toml` with your project details.
5. Review and adjust the documentation in `meta/doc/*` to fit your workflow.
6. Update this README to reflect your project.

## Requirements

- [HEMTT](https://github.com/synixebrett/HEMTT) (recommended for building and packaging)
- [ArmA 3 Tools](https://store.steampowered.com/app/233800/Arma_3_Tools/) (uploading the mod to the workshop, also used by HEMTT for advanced checking I believe)

## License

This template is licensed under [CC0 1.0 Universal](LICENSE.md).

Made using [ArmA-3-Mod-Template](https://github.com/Lupus590/ArmA-3-Mod-Template)

Commit message:

Update license information in README to reflect Arma Public License Share Alike

README.md, after:

# ArmA 3 Mod Template

This repository provides a template for creating and organizing an ArmA 3 mod project.

## About

This template is designed to help you quickly start developing your own ArmA 3 mods by providing a well-organized project structure, example configuration files, and clear documentation.
It aims to simplify setup, encourage best practices, and save time for both new and experienced modders.

You are encouraged to customize any part of the template to fit your project's needs.

## Getting Started

1. Download this repository as a zip, please don't clone it I'd rarther not have loads of repos my commits in their history. (A gotcha with GitHub's template system, `logo.paa` is in git lfs and will fail to copy to your repo so you'll have to manually do copy it.)
2. Choose a license for your project (see `LICENSE.md`).
3. Update `.hemtt/presets/main.html` with your modlist.
4. Edit `.hemtt/project.toml` with your project details.
5. Review and adjust the documentation in `meta/doc/*` to fit your workflow.
6. Update this README to reflect your project.

## Requirements

- [HEMTT](https://github.com/synixebrett/HEMTT) (recommended for building and packaging)
- [ArmA 3 Tools](https://store.steampowered.com/app/233800/Arma_3_Tools/) (uploading the mod to the workshop, also used by HEMTT for advanced checking I believe)

## License

This project is licensed under [Arma Public License Share Alike](LICENSE.md).

Made using [ArmA-3-Mod-Template](https://github.com/Lupus590/ArmA-3-Mod-Template)
